
Thank you for your interest in contributing to the LAGraph project (“We” or
“Us”).  By making any Contribution to this project, you agree to the terms
outlined below.

IF YOU DO NOT AGREE TO THESE TERMS, DO NOT SUBMIT ANY CONTRIBUTION TO THIS
PROJECT.


TERMS OF SUBMISSION (“Agreement”):

1. Definitions

"You" means the individual who Submits a Contribution to Us.

"Contribution" means any work of authorship, including but not limited to source
code, object code, patch, tool, sample, graph, specification, manual
documentation, that is Submitted by You to Us in which You own or assert
ownership of the Copyright.

"Copyright" means all rights protecting works of authorship owned or controlled
by You, including copyright, moral and neighboring rights, as appropriate, for
the full term of their existence including any extensions by You.

"Material" means the work of authorship which is made available by Us to third
parties. When this Agreement covers more than one software project, the Material
means the work of authorship to which the Contribution was Submitted. After You
Submit the Contribution, it may be included in the Material.

"Submit" means any form of electronic, verbal, or written communication sent to
Us or our representatives, including but not limited to electronic mailing
lists, source code control systems, and issue tracking systems that are managed
by, or on behalf of, Us for the purpose of discussing and improving the
Material, but excluding communication that is conspicuously marked or otherwise
designated in writing by You as "Not a Contribution."

"Submission Date" means the date on which You Submit a Contribution to Us.

"Effective Date" means the date You first Submit a Contribution to Us, whichever
is earlier.

"Media" means any portion of a Contribution which is not software.


2. Grant of Rights

2.1 Copyright License

(a) You retain ownership of the Copyright in Your Contribution and have the same
rights to use or license the Contribution which You would have had without
entering into the Agreement.

(b) To the maximum extent permitted by the relevant law, You grant to Us a
perpetual, worldwide, non-exclusive, transferable, royalty-free, irrevocable
license, with the right to sublicense such rights through multiple tiers of
sublicensees, to reproduce, modify, display, perform and distribute the
Contribution as part of the Material; provided that this license is conditioned
upon compliance with Section 2.2.

2.2 Outbound License

Based on the grant of rights in Sections 2.1, if We include Your Contribution in
a Material, We may license the Contribution under any license, including
copyleft, permissive, commercial, or proprietary licenses. As a condition on the
exercise of this right, We agree to also license the Contribution under the
terms of the license or licenses which We are using for the Material on the
Submission Date.

2.3 Moral Rights. If moral rights apply to the Contribution, to the maximum
extent permitted by law, You waive and agree not to assert such moral rights
against Us or our successors in interest, or any of our licensees, either direct
or indirect.

2.4 Our Rights. You acknowledge that We are not obligated to use Your
Contribution as part of the Material and may decide to include any Contribution
We consider appropriate.

2.5 Reservation of Rights. Any rights not expressly assigned or licensed under
this section are expressly reserved by You.


3. General Terms

3.1 You warrant that:

(a) You have the legal authority to enter into this Agreement.

(b) You own all rights, including but not limited to Copyright, covering the
Contribution which are required to grant the rights under Section 2.  To the
extent the Contribution incorporates text passages, figures, data or other
material from the works of others, You warrant that you have obtained any
necessary permissions to make this Contribution.

(c) The grant of rights under Section 2 does not violate any grant of rights
which You have made to third parties, including Your employer. If You are an
employee, You warrant that Your employer has approved this Agreement. If You are
less than eighteen years old, Your parent or guardian must sign a printed
version of this Agreement and send it to permission@sei.cmu.edu.

(d) You shall make each Contribution in full compliance with U.S. export control
laws.

3.2 You agree to notify Us if You become aware of any circumstance that would
make any of the foregoing warranties inaccurate in any respect.

3.3 You agree to indemnify and hold Us harmless from any damage or expense that
may arise in the event of a breach of any of the warranties set forth above.

3.4 You agree that We may publicly disclose your participation in this project
and the fact that you agreed to the terms of this Agreement.


4. Miscellaneous

4.1 This Agreement will be governed by and construed in accordance with the laws
of Pennsylvania excluding its conflicts of law provisions.

4.2 This Agreement sets out the entire agreement between You and Us for Your
Contributions to Us and overrides all other agreements or understandings.

4.3 If You or We assign the rights or obligations received through this
Agreement to a third party, as a condition of the assignment, that third party
must agree in writing to abide by all the rights and obligations in the
Agreement.

4.4 The failure of either party to require performance by the other party of any
provision of this Agreement in one situation shall not affect the right of a
party to require such performance at any time in the future. A waiver of
performance under a provision in one situation shall not be considered a waiver
of the performance of the provision in the future or a waiver of the provision
in its entirety.

4.5 If any provision of this Agreement is found by a court of competent
jurisdiction to be void and unenforceable, such provision will be replaced to
the extent possible with a provision that comes closest to the meaning of the
original provision and which is enforceable. The terms and conditions set forth
in this Agreement shall apply notwithstanding any failure of essential purpose
of this Agreement or any limited remedy to the maximum extent possible under
law.
