File: LICENSE

LAGraph

Copyright 2019-2022 LAGraph Contributors. All Rights Reserved.
(see Contributors.txt for a full list of Contributors;
 see ContributionInstructions.txt for information on how you can
 Contribute to this project).

BSD

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright notice, this
list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright notice,
this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the documentation
and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

ACKNOWLEDGMENTS AND DISCLAIMERS:

This program includes and/or can make use of certain third party source code,
object code, documentation and other files ("Third Party Software"). The Third
Party Software that is used by this program is dependent upon your system
configuration. By using this program, You agree to comply with any and all
relevant Third Party Software terms and conditions contained in any such Third
Party Software or separate license file distributed with such Third Party
Software. The parties who own the Third Party Software ("Third Party
Licensors") are intended third party beneficiaries to this License with
respect to the terms applicable to their Third Party Software. Third Party
Software licenses only apply to the Third Party Software and not any other
portion of this program or this program as a whole.

Created, in part, with funding and support from the United States Government.
(see Acknowledgments.txt file).

NO WARRANTY. THIS MATERIAL IS FURNISHED ON AN "AS-IS" BASIS. THE LAGRAPH
CONTRIBUTORS MAKE NO WARRANTIES OF ANY KIND, EITHER EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED, AS
TO ANY MATTER INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, WARRANTY OF FITNESS FOR PURPOSE
OR MERCHANTABILITY, EXCLUSIVITY, OR RESULTS OBTAINED FROM USE OF THE
MATERIAL. THE CONTRIBUTORS DO NOT MAKE ANY WARRANTY OF ANY KIND WITH RESPECT
TO FREEDOM FROM PATENT, TRADEMARK, OR COPYRIGHT INFRINGEMENT.

DM22-0790
